INFO 2950 Project Work Contract
Names/NetIDs: Teresa Tang (tst37) and Margia Rounok (mr879)

---

For individuals:

Time management. Look at the schedule of project phase deadlines, as well as your current course schedule, exams, other projects, and commitments beyond coursework. Based on these time constraints, set a regular schedule for project work and outline it below.

---

For teams:

We agree to the following policies for our team. Once agreed to, these policies cannot be changed for the duration of the project unless agreed to via the decision-making process outlined below.

-

Team roles. Any specific roles within the group, their responsibilities, and how those roles will be assigned or rotated.
	
	We will not have specific roles, we will just divide work evenly, including the programming. 

Decision making. For example: consensus, majority vote, or team captain.
	
	Consensus. 

Balance of responsibilities. Procedures for ensuring that everyone contributes.

	The balance of responsibility is splitting the work evenly. We will set deadlines (based on the project deadlines and our own availability) for when each of our half/parts of the work should be finished so that the different parts can be integrated into a whole. 

Conflict resolution. What we will do when we identify problems, and how we will resolve them.
	
	We will try to find an agreement or compromise/alternative, otherwise we will get input from TAs/professor. 

Communication. Methods of communication, expectations for response times.

	Online (texting, Zoom, email). We will set meetings that fit our schedule where we can talk directly. Responses expected within a day. 

Meeting times. When and where you will meet, expectations for attendance. (Study hall could be a great meeting place...) Be sure to take into account the schedule of project phase deadlines, as well as everyone's course schedules, exams, other projects, and commitments beyond coursework.
	
	We will meet online through video chatting software (everyone will attend). We are more likely to meet on the weekends in the evenings (probably once or twice a week, depending on workload), but will meet less often during prelim season. 	

Availability. When each member will not be available for any reason, and how you will work around these absences.

	If anyone happens to be unavailable (we don't forsee this happening yet), the deadline for their half of the work will be extended by a couple days if necessary. Otherwise, the other person can continue their work independently and figure out how the absent person can pick up more work in the future. 
